How to use Anti-Detection Writing Skill on your next draft

Start with one reply, email, or section of documentation. The skill gives your agent a repeatable editing process: identify the reader's needs, preserve the facts, improve the flow, and review the result. You can request a detector comparison separately, with no guarantee of a lower score.

1. Install the skill

npx skills add dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill --skill anti-detection-writing

Choose your agent in the installer. The default installation is for the current project.

2. Give the agent context and the original

Include the intended audience and what they need to do. For a technical reply, supply the question, relevant documentation, and version constraints. For example:

“Use $anti-detection-writing to make this text smoother and easier to read for [audience]. Preserve its facts, code, and qualifications. Remove repetition and irrelevant background. Explain any factual corrections, and get a separate review of the exact final text.”

Useful edits include moving a prerequisite before an instruction, replacing an ambiguous pronoun, or removing a repeated explanation. Check that the advice still means the same thing.

3. Request measurement if you need it

“Compare the original and final text using GPTZero Basic Scan. Use the same displayed model. Record the exact inputs, all three confidences, dates, and warnings. Keep unchanged and worse results too.”

Live scanning needs your own detector access and a browser tool your agent supports; the skill supplies neither. Review correctness and readability separately from the score.

What the dated development evidence shows

On September 6, 2026, a fresh recheck of one saved Qwen Code reply pair returned 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human → 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human in GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b. The screenshots show those completed scans, not scores for this article or a new prospective test of the packaged skill.

The answer body stayed identical; the change added one short, relevant asker quotation. Both content and length changed, so this comparison does not isolate a rewriting benefit. A 99% mixed result is not 99% human, and lower AI confidence does not establish human authorship.

In the September 5–6 development sample, 5 of 10 quotation comparisons reduced AI confidence; plain rewriting reduced it in 0 of 15 comparisons. These counts cover that sample, not subsequent research. Separate LLM reviewers rated eight plain revisions clearer and seven equivalent; this was not a human preference study. The observations came from completed UI scans. The current packaged skill has not yet been prospectively validated for reliable detector performance.

Use a quotation only when it helps answer the question. A clear, correct edit can remain useful with an unchanged score, subject to your publication requirements.

Try one draft and share what improved or fell short in Discussions. The repository includes exact inputs, measured examples, and unsuccessful cases.

Repository: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill

Discussions: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill/discussions

Caption: Before: Qwen Code answer, 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human. After: the identical body plus one relevant asker quotation, 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human. GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b; fresh recheck on September 6, 2026. These genuine screenshots show the result panels and part of each input; complete inputs are linked in the repository. Adding a quotation changes content and length.