How to use Anti-Detection Writing Skill on your next draft

An accurate AI draft can still take too long to get to the point. Anti-Detection Writing Skill offers a repeatable process: identify reader needs, preserve facts, improve flow, and review. Start with one reply, email, or documentation section. Detector comparison is optional; lower scores are not guaranteed.

1. Install the skill.

npx skills add dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill --skill anti-detection-writing

Choose your agent in the installer. Installation defaults to the current project.

2. Supply the context and original text.

Include the audience and what readers need to do. Technical replies also need the question, relevant documentation, and version constraints. Ask:

“Use $anti-detection-writing to make this text smoother and easier to read for [audience]. Preserve facts, code, and qualifications. Remove repetition and irrelevant background. Explain factual corrections, and get a separate review of the exact final text.”

An edit might move a prerequisite before an instruction, clarify an ambiguous pronoun, or remove a repeated explanation. Check that the advice still means the same thing.

3. Request measurement separately, if needed.

“Compare the original and final text using GPTZero Basic Scan. Use the same displayed model. Save exact inputs, all three confidences, dates, warnings, and unchanged or worse results.”

Live scanning requires your own detector access and an agent-supported browser tool; the skill supplies neither. Review correctness and readability separately from the score.

What the development examples show

For one saved Qwen Code reply, a short, relevant asker quotation was added to an otherwise identical answer. A fresh recheck on September 6, 2026 returned 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human → 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human in GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b. Content and length both changed; this does not isolate a rewriting benefit. The screenshots show those completed scans, repeating a development case rather than testing this article or prospectively testing the packaged skill. A 99% mixed result does not mean 99% human, and lower AI confidence does not establish human authorship.

Across the September 5–6, 2026 development sample, 5 of 10 quotation comparisons reduced AI confidence; plain rewriting reduced it in 0 of 15 comparisons. Separate LLM reviewers rated eight plain revisions clearer and seven equivalent; this was not a human preference study. Observations came from completed UI scans. The current packaged skill has not been prospectively validated for reliable detector performance.

Use a quotation only when it helps answer the question. A clear, correct edit can remain useful with an unchanged score, subject to your publication requirements.

Try one draft and share improvements or failures in Discussions. The repository includes exact inputs, measured examples, and unsuccessful cases.

Repository: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill

Discussions: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill/discussions

Before: Qwen Code answer, 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human. After: identical body plus one relevant asker quotation, 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human. GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b; fresh recheck on September 6, 2026. These genuine screenshots show result panels and partial inputs; complete inputs are linked in the repository. Adding the quotation changes content and length. These scores do not describe this article.
