Use Anti-Detection Writing Skill on your next draft

An AI draft can be accurate and still take too long to get to the point. Anti-Detection Writing Skill gives your agent a repeatable editing process: identify what the reader needs, preserve the facts, improve the flow, and review the result.

Start with one reply, email, or section of documentation. You can request a detector comparison separately; a lower score is not guaranteed.

1. Install the skill.

npx skills add dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill --skill anti-detection-writing

Choose your agent in the installer. The default installation is for the current project.

2. Supply the context and original text.

Tell the agent who will read it and what they need to do. For a technical reply, include the question, relevant documentation, and any version constraints. Then ask:

“Use $anti-detection-writing to make this text smoother and easier to read for [audience]. Preserve its facts, code, and qualifications. Remove repetition and irrelevant background. Explain any factual corrections, and get a separate review of the exact final text.”

A useful edit might move a prerequisite before an instruction, replace an ambiguous pronoun, or cut a repeated explanation. Check that the advice still means the same thing.

3. Measure a detector result if you need one.

“Compare the original and final text using GPTZero Basic Scan. Use the same displayed model and record the exact inputs, all three confidences, dates, and warnings. Keep unchanged and worse results too.”

Live scanning needs your own detector access and a browser tool your agent supports. The skill supplies neither. Review correctness and readability separately from the score.

What the dated development examples show

On September 6, 2026, a saved Qwen Code reply pair was freshly rechecked with GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b. The scores were 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human before and 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human after. The screenshots show those completed scans of the reply, not this article. This repeats a development case; it is not a new prospective test of the packaged skill.

The only change was one short, relevant quotation from the asker; the answer body stayed identical. Both content and length changed, so the comparison does not isolate a benefit from rewriting. A 99% mixed result does not mean 99% human, and lower AI confidence does not establish human authorship.

In the September 5–6, 2026 development sample, 5 of 10 quotation comparisons reduced AI confidence; plain rewriting reduced it in 0 of 15 comparisons. Separate LLM reviewers rated eight plain revisions clearer and seven equivalent. This was not a human preference study. These observations came from completed UI scans and exclude later research. As of that evidence, the packaged skill had not yet been prospectively validated for reliable detector performance.

Use a quotation when it helps answer the question. Keep a clear, correct edit even if the score is unchanged, subject to your publication requirements.

Try one draft and share improvements or failures in Discussions. The repository includes exact inputs, measured examples, and unsuccessful cases.

Repository: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill

Discussions: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill/discussions

Screenshot caption: Qwen reply before: 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human. After, the same body plus one relevant asker quotation: 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human. GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b; fresh recheck on September 6, 2026. These genuine screenshots show result panels and partial inputs; complete inputs are linked in the repository. The quotation changes content and length.
