How to use Anti-Detection Writing Skill on your next draft

An AI draft can be accurate and still take too long to get to the point. Anti-Detection Writing Skill gives your agent a repeatable editing process: identify what the reader needs, preserve the facts, improve the flow, and review the result. You can request a separate GPTZero comparison, without a guaranteed score improvement.

Start with one reply, email, or section of documentation.

1. Install the skill.

npx skills add dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill --skill anti-detection-writing

Choose your agent in the installer. The default installation is for the current project.

2. Supply the context and original text.

Tell the agent who will read it and what they need to do. For a technical reply, include the question, relevant documentation, and version constraints. Then ask:

“Use $anti-detection-writing to make this text smoother and easier to read for [audience]. Preserve its facts, code, and qualifications. Remove repetition and irrelevant background. Explain any factual corrections, and get a separate review of the exact final text.”

A useful edit might move a prerequisite before an instruction, clarify a pronoun, or cut a repeated explanation. Check that the advice still means the same thing.

3. Measure a detector result if you need one.

“Compare the original and final text using GPTZero Basic Scan. Use the same displayed model and record the exact inputs, all three confidences, dates, and warnings. Keep unchanged and worse results too.”

Live scanning needs your own detector access and a browser tool your agent supports. The skill supplies neither. Review correctness and readability separately from the score.

A fresh recheck of one saved Qwen Code reply returned 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human → 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human in GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b, on September 6, 2026. The screenshots show those completed scans, not a score for this article. This repeats a development case; it is not a new prospective test of the packaged skill.

The change was one short, relevant quotation from the asker added to an otherwise identical answer. Content and length both changed, so this does not isolate a rewriting benefit. A 99% mixed result does not mean 99% human. Lower AI confidence does not establish human authorship.

In the September 5–6, 2026 development sample, 5 of 10 quotation comparisons reduced AI confidence; plain rewriting reduced it in 0 of 15 comparisons. Separate LLM reviewers rated eight plain revisions clearer and seven equivalent; this was not a human preference study. The observations came from completed UI scans. At that point, the packaged skill had not been prospectively validated for reliable detector performance.

Use a quotation only when it helps answer the question. Keep a clear, correct edit even if the score is unchanged, subject to your publication requirements.

Try one draft and share improvements or failures in Discussions. The repository includes exact inputs, measured examples, and unsuccessful cases.

Repository: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill

Discussions: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill/discussions

Caption: Before: plain Qwen Code answer, 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human. After: the same answer plus one relevant asker quotation, 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human. GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b; fresh recheck on September 6, 2026. These genuine screenshots show result panels and part of each input; complete inputs are linked in the repository. Adding a quotation changes content and length.
