Using Anti-Detection Writing Skill on your next draft

Start with one reply, email, or documentation section. Anti-Detection Writing Skill gives your agent a repeatable editing process: identify what the reader needs, preserve the facts, improve the flow, and review the result. You can request a separate GPTZero comparison, but a lower score is not guaranteed.

1. Install the skill

npx skills add dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill --skill anti-detection-writing

Choose your agent in the installer. The default installation is for the current project.

2. Supply the context and original text

Tell the agent who will read it and what they need to do. For a technical reply, include the question, relevant documentation, and version constraints. Then ask:

“Use $anti-detection-writing to make this text smoother and easier to read for [audience]. Preserve its facts, code, and qualifications. Remove repetition and irrelevant background. Explain any factual corrections, and get a separate review of the exact final text.”

Useful edits might move a prerequisite before an instruction, clarify an ambiguous pronoun, or cut a repeated explanation. Check that the advice still means the same thing.

3. Measure a detector result if needed

Live scanning requires your own detector access and a browser tool your agent supports. The skill supplies neither. To request a comparison:

“Compare the original and final text using GPTZero Basic Scan. Use the same displayed model and record the exact inputs, all three confidences, dates, and warnings. Keep unchanged and worse results too.”

Review correctness and readability separately from the score.

What the dated development examples show

On September 6, 2026, a fresh recheck of one saved Qwen Code reply pair in GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b, returned 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human before and 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human after. The existing screenshots show those completed scans, not a score for this article or a new prospective test of the packaged skill.

The change added one short, relevant quotation from the asker to an otherwise identical answer. Content and length both changed, so the comparison does not isolate a rewriting benefit. A 99% mixed result does not mean 99% human; lower AI confidence does not establish human authorship.

In the September 5–6 development sample, 5 of 10 quotation comparisons reduced AI confidence; plain rewriting reduced it in 0 of 15 comparisons. Separate LLM reviewers rated eight plain revisions clearer and seven equivalent. This was not a human preference study. The detector observations came from completed UI scans. The current packaged skill has not been prospectively validated for reliable detector performance.

Include a quotation only when it helps answer the question. A clear, correct edit can remain useful with an unchanged score, subject to your publication requirements.

Try one draft and share improvements or failures in Discussions. The repository includes exact inputs, measured examples, and unsuccessful cases.

Repository: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill

Discussions: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill/discussions

Caption: Before: plain Qwen answer, 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human. After: the same answer plus one relevant asker quotation, 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human. GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b; fresh recheck on September 6, 2026. These genuine screenshots show the result panels and part of each input; complete inputs are linked in the repository. Adding a quotation changes content and length.