How to use Anti-Detection Writing Skill on your next draft

Anti-Detection Writing Skill gives your agent a repeatable editing process: identify what the reader needs, preserve the facts, improve the flow, and review the result. Start with one reply, email, or documentation section. You can separately request a measured GPTZero comparison, with no guarantee of a lower score.

1. Install the skill.

npx skills add dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill --skill anti-detection-writing

Choose your agent in the installer. By default, the skill is installed in the current project.

2. Supply the context and original text.

Include your draft, who will read it, and what they need to do. For technical replies, supply the question, relevant documentation, and any version constraints. Then ask:

“Use $anti-detection-writing to make this text smoother and easier to read for [audience]. Preserve facts, code, and qualifications. Remove repetition and irrelevant background. Explain factual corrections and get a separate review of the exact final text.”

Useful edits might move a prerequisite before an instruction, clarify an ambiguous pronoun, or cut a repeated explanation. Check that the advice still means the same thing.

3. Measure a detector result if you need one.

“Compare the original and final text with GPTZero Basic Scan, using the same displayed model. Save exact inputs, all three confidences, dates, warnings, and unchanged or worse results.”

Live scanning requires your own detector access and an agent-supported browser tool; the skill supplies neither. Review correctness and readability separately from the score.

What the development examples show

The screenshots show a saved Qwen Code reply pair rechecked on September 6, 2026 in GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b: 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human before and 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human after. They show a repeated development case, not this article or a new prospective test of the packaged skill.

Only a short, relevant quotation from the asker was added; the answer body stayed identical. Content and length both changed, so the comparison cannot isolate a rewriting benefit. A 99% mixed result does not mean 99% human, and lower confidence does not establish human authorship.

In the dated development sample, completed UI scans showed lower AI confidence in 5 of 10 quotation comparisons and 0 of 15 plain-rewrite comparisons. Those counts cover that sample only. Separate LLM reviewers rated eight plain revisions clearer and seven equivalent; this was not a human preference study. The current packaged skill has not been prospectively validated for reliable detector performance.

Use quotations only when they help answer the question. A clear, correct edit can remain useful with an unchanged score, subject to your publication requirements.

Try one draft and share improvements or failures in Discussions. The repository includes exact inputs, measured examples and unsuccessful cases.

Repository: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill

Discussions: https://github.com/dexhunter/anti-detection-writing-skill/discussions

Before: Qwen Code answer, 100% AI / 0% mixed / 0% human. After: identical answer body plus one relevant asker quotation, 1% AI / 99% mixed / 0% human. GPTZero Basic Scan, Model 4.9b; rechecked September 6, 2026. These genuine screenshots show result panels and partial inputs; full inputs are linked in the repository. The quotation changes content and length. These scores do not describe this article.
